Revert "[GRAPH] Increase default nChannels to 112 for gfx950 (#1596)" (#1620)
ROCm/rccl: CHANGELOG.md

Full documentation for RCCL is available at [https://rccl.readthedocs.io](https://rccl.readthedocs.io)

## Unreleased - RCCL 2.22.3 for ROCm 6.5.0

### Added

* Added new GPU target `gfx950`

> * Added support for unroll=1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support for `unroll=1`
```

> * Added support for unroll=1

Reviewer: Can we provide more detail about what this does?

### Known issue

> * Using more than 64 channels can segfault when multiple different collectives are used in the same ncclGroup() call

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Using more than 64 channels can cause a segmentation fault when multiple different collectives are used in the same `ncclGroup()` call
```
